Update 'never' type section in the RELEASE_NOTE.md (#812)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website: downloads/swan-lake-release-notes/swan-lake-preview1/RELEASE_NOTE.md

}
```
### Never type

> The `never` type provides a way to describe the type that contains no shapes. This would be useful for the return type of a function that never terminates normally. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `never` type provides a way to describe the type that contains no shapes. 

The `never` type is useful as the return type of a function that never terminates normally. 
```

```ballerina
function somefunction() returns never {

>      panic error("Invalid");

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    panic error("Invalid");
```

}
```

> `never` is a subtype of `nil`. Therefore, functions with `never` return type can only be invoked in call statements. Also, the `never` type represents the type which has no values. Therefore, variables of type `never` cannot be declared.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `never` type is a subtype of `nil`. Therefore, functions with the `never` type as the return type can only be invoked in call statements. i.e., they can never be called as an expression nor can the result of calling such a function be assigned to a variable. Since the `never` type represents the type which has no values, variables of type `never` cannot be declared.
```

```ballerina
never s;    // error: cannot define a variable type of 'never'
```

> Never types can be used when defining key-less tables. Here, the key constraint is set to type `never`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `never` type can be used to define key-less tables by setting the `never` type as the key constraint.
```

```ballerina
table<Person> key<never> personTable = table [
       { name: "John", age: 23 },
       { name: "Paul", age:25 }
   ];
```

> An optional field can be defined in a `record`, but no value can be assigned to such fields

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An optional field of type `never` can be defined in a `record`, but no value can be assigned to such a field.
This can be used to ensure that a value of the particular record type will never have a field by that name.
```

}
```

### Never type

The `never` type provides a way to describe the type that contains no shapes. 

The `never` type is useful as the return type of a function that never terminates normally. 
```ballerina
function somefunction() returns never {
    panic error("Invalid");
}
```

> The `never` type is a subtype of `nil`. Functions with the `never` type as the return type can only be invoked in call statements (i.e., they can never be called as an expression nor can the result of calling such a function be assigned to a variable). Since the `never` type represents the type, which has no values, variables of type `never` cannot be declared.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `never` type is a subtype of `nil`. Functions with the `never` type as the return type can only be invoked in call statements (i.e., they can never be called as an expression nor can the result of calling such a function be assigned to a variable). Since the `never` type represents the type which has no values, variables of type `never` cannot be declared.
```
"type which has no values" is what never type represents.

> The `never` type is a subtype of `nil`. Therefore, functions with the `never` type as the return type can only be invoked in call statements. i.e., they can never be called as an expression nor can the result of calling such a function be assigned to a variable. Since the `never` type represents the type which has no values, variables of type `never` cannot be declared.

Reviewer: IMO saying therefore in the second sentence is misleading because we do allow assigning the result of calling a function returning nil to a variable.

```ballerina
   () x = foo();
```

Shall we say
```suggestion
The `never` type is a subtype of `nil`. Functions with the `never` type as the return type can only be invoked in call statements. i.e., they can never be called as an expression nor can the result of calling such a function be assigned to a variable. Since the `never` type represents the type which has no values, variables of type `never` cannot be declared.
```

Reviewer 2: +1

Reviewer 2: +1

Author: We don't allow this one 
```ballerina
() x = foo();
```

Author: However, change is okay

Reviewer: I think we do, there's no reason to disallow it actually.

Check

```balllerina
public function main() {
    () x = foo();
}

function foo() {
    
}
```

> The `never` type is a subtype of `nil`. Therefore, functions with the `never` type as the return type can only be invoked in call statements. i.e., they can never be called as an expression nor can the result of calling such a function be assigned to a variable. Since the `never` type represents the type which has no values, variables of type `never` cannot be declared.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `never` type is a subtype of `nil`. Therefore, functions with the `never` type as the return type can only be invoked in call statements (i.e., they can never be called as an expression nor can the result of calling such a function be assigned to a variable). Since the `never` type represents the type, which has no values, variables of type `never` cannot be declared.
```

> The `never` type is a subtype of `nil`. Therefore, functions with the `never` type as the return type can only be invoked in call statements (i.e., they can never be called as an expression nor can the result of calling such a function be assigned to a variable). Since the `never` type represents the type, which has no values, variables of type `never` cannot be declared.

Reviewer: Shall we remove therefore?

```suggestion
The `never` type is a subtype of `nil`. Functions with the `never` type as the return type can only be invoked in call statements (i.e., they can never be called as an expression nor can the result of calling such a function be assigned to a variable). Since the `never` type represents the type, which has no values, variables of type `never` cannot be declared.
```

```ballerina

> never s;    // error: cannot define a variable type of 'never'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
never s;    // error: cannot define a variable of type 'never'
```

Reviewer 2: +1

Reviewer 2: +1

```
The `never` type can be used to define key-less tables by setting the `never` type as the key constraint.
```ballerina
table<Person> key<never> personTable = table [
       { name: "John", age: 23 },
       { name: "Paul", age:25 }
   ];
```

> An optional field of type `never` can be defined in a `record`, but no value can be assigned to such a field.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
An optional field of type `never` can be defined in a `record` but no value can be assigned to such a field.
```
